BD-2955 Targeting users with multiple devices - segments (#7119)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/segments/creating_a_segment.md

You can unarchive the segment by navigating to it within the **Segments** page, then selecting **Unarchive**.

## Targeting behavior when users have multiple devices

Users have more than one device if they log into the same account on multiple devices. You can check for multiple devices in the **Recent Devices** section of a [user profile]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/segments/user_profiles/).

> When segmenting with device-dependent filters (device model, device OS, and app version), your segment will contain all users that match your filter criteria. These users will be sent a message on all of their devices, including ones that may not meet your filter criteria. For example, let's say User A has two devices: Device 1 is OS 13.0 and Device 2 is OS 10.0. If a segment targets users with OS 10.0, this user will be part of that segment and receive messages on both of their devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When segmenting with device-dependent filters (device model, device OS, and app version), your segment will contain all users that match your filter criteria. These users will be sent a message on all their devices, including ones that may not meet your filter criteria. For example, let's say User A has two devices: Device 1 is OS 13.0, and Device 2 is OS 10.0. If a segment targets users with OS 10.0, this user will be part of that segment and receive messages on both of their devices.
```

### Push notifications

You can specify that only one push notification is sent to each user. When [composing your message]({{ssite.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/push/creating_a_push_message#step-4-compose-your-push-message), select **Only send to the user’s last used device** under **Additional Settings**.

![][9]{: style="max-width:60%;"}

### Considerations

- **Messages sent can exceed audience size.** When some users have more than one device, each device can receive a message. This causes a higher number of message sends than users in your segment.
- **A user's segment membership might not look how you'd expect.**
    - A user may be targeted on their current device based on attributes associated with a different device. If you didn't expect a user to receive a message, check their user profile for multiple devices.

>     - A user may have been in your target segment at send time, but due to behaviors associated with any of their devices, may not be part of that segment afterwards. This may result in a user receiving a campaign or Canvas even though they currently don’t match the filter criteria. <br><br>For example, a user could receive a message targeting users with a most recent app version of OS 10.0 even though they currently have OS 13.0. In this case, the user had OS 10.0 when the message was sent, and then upgraded to OS 13.0 afterward.<br><br> Similiarly, if a user later uses a device with a different app version, their user profile will update with a new most recent app version. This might make it seem as if the user shouldn't have qualified for the message, even though they qualified when the message was sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - A user may have been in your target segment at send time, but due to behaviors associated with any of their devices, may not be part of that segment afterward. This may result in a user receiving a campaign or Canvas even though they currently don’t match the filter criteria. <br><br>For example, a user could receive a message targeting users with a most recent app version of OS 10.0 even though they currently have OS 13.0. In this case, the user had OS 10.0 when the message was sent and then upgraded to OS 13.0 afterward.<br><br> Similarly, if a user later uses a device with a different app version, their user profile will update with a new most recent app version. This might make it seem that the user shouldn't have qualified for the message, even though they qualified when it was sent.
```
